---
layout: post
title:  "Do I Fit In?"
date:   2016-09-29 23:44:27 +0000
---

I have spent so long trying to avoid my problems with programming; with help I have been able to face my fears, programming has changed me. I decided no longer to be afraid of failing (my greatest fear). To do what I love and to support my family I am willing to make that personal sacrifice. I have to expose myself (my second biggest fear. I pair often with friends and people willing to help me to achieve my goal of being a "real programming." Programming is not something that I ever would get into as much as I have (my thoughts as I advance in the course). Sinatra made me feel like I could actually do this and say it out loud.

Sinatra is not my favorite part of the program; I have been jumping around so I could avoid doing it...to be honest. However, after I got halfway into Rails and did not know what the hell I was doing, knew that me and Sinatra would have to meet, not only to finish the assessment, but use it as the course intended it; A stepping stone.

It was not until the assessment that I started to understand what the routes were really doing (important knowledge, even if I use resources in Rails). Indeed, the meaning of Post, Patch, Get, Delete and so on eluded and mocked me in shadows of my own self-doubt. Before doing this assessment I thought that maybe I should quit the program because I was not finishing fast enough and that I really banked too much on the this whole programming thing. REJOICE! I may continue to have this problem as I build more things in the program, but I will continue to build and grow and become part of the Bay Area's very viberate programming community. 

To dive deeper and deep is my goal. Making things as part of the program, hackathons or what have you I will keep trucking on until the very end. I have even started taking classes on the side (mainly JavaScript just to supplement my learning on learn. I love learning how to program.





